docs(collections): add updates for missing or undocumented patterns (#74287)
metabase/metabase: docs/permissions/collections.md

### View access

> The group can see all the questions, dashboards, and models in the collection, as well as [events and timelines](../exploration-and-organization/events-and-timelines.md). Note: Curate access includes View access.

Reviewer: Why is this note necessary? A paragraph above:
<img width="312" height="156" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b01c43ec-ca3c-4ecd-b5e7-36a54a9b6032" />

Author: for whatever reason i have been asked this so many times at my last gig .. i mean its obvious right .. but i still get asked ... 

and then wen someone asked internally on the slack thread .. i gave up and thought ... fine we should just write it down!

A group can be given access to a collection located somewhere within one or more sub-collections _without_ having to have access to every collection "above" it. For example, if a group had access to the "Super Secret Collection" that's saved several layers deep within a "Marketing" collection that the group lacks access to, the "Super Secret Collection" would show up at the top-most level that the group _does_ have access to.

> The same applies in the other direction: granting access to a collection does not automatically grant access to its sub-collections. By default, only the selected collection receives the new permission level. To cascade permissions down to all **existing** sub-collections, use the **Also change sub-collections** toggle in addition to choosing the level of access (Curate, View, or No access). Any sub-collections created after that point will automatically inherit the parent collection's permissions. If you don't use the toggle, existing sub-collections stay unchanged while newly created ones still inherit — which can leave a group with access to some sub-collections but not others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changing access to a collection doesn't automatically change access to _existing_ subcollections, but all _new_ subcollections will inherit the access level.

   For example, let's say you have a `Campaigns` collection with a `2025 reports` subcollection, and you change the "Data team" group's access to `Campaigns` from "View" to "Curate". Then by default, Data team will get Curate access to `Campaigns` but will retain only "View" access to `2025 reports`. However, if after these permissions are configured, someone adds a new subcollection `2026 reports`, then Data team will get Curate access to "2026 reports" because new subcollections inherit permissions from the parent collection.

- To change access for existing subcollections as well, toggle **Also change sub-collections** when changing collection access.

- A group can be given access to a collection located somewhere within one or more sub-collections _without_ having to have access to every collection "above" it. 

    For example, if a group had access to the "Super Secret Collection" that's saved several layers deep within a "Marketing" collection that the group lacks access to, the "Super Secret Collection" would show up at the top-most level that the group _does_ have access to.
```

Reviewer: Am I understanding correctly?

Author: yup .. thanks for the suggestion .. i wasnt sure about a rewrite so i just added a blob .. but this is much cleaner!
